Add Chicago event (#59)
forwards/website_source: content/edu/chicago.md

---
Title: R-Ladies Chicago Package Development Workshop
---

> ## Women's Package Development Workshop by [R-Ladies Chicago](https://rladieschicago.org) and [FoRwards](https://forwards.github.io)

Reviewer: Please use Forwards or R Forwards rather than FoRwards
```suggestion
## Women's Package Development Workshop by [R-Ladies Chicago](https://rladieschicago.org) and [Forwards](https://forwards.github.io)
```

### Date: Saturday, February 23, 2018, 9:30am-4pm

### Location

Center for Spatial Data Science  
5735 S Ellis Ave, 2nd Floor  
Chicago, Illinois 60637 

> <iframe src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m18!1m12!1m3!1d2974.7548639089937!2d-87.60317058411151!3d41.79049637886998!2m3!1f0!2f0!3f0!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x880e293e7bd41241%3A0x5966b3036fc25171!2sSearle+Chemical+Laboratory%2C+5735+S+Ellis+Ave%2C+Chicago%2C+IL+60637!5e0!3m2!1sen!2sus!4v1544044603496" width="600" height="450" frameborder="0" style="border:0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

Reviewer: Please add a title for accessibility
```suggestion
<iframe src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m18!1m12!1m3!1d2974.7548639089937!2d-87.60317058411151!3d41.79049637886998!2m3!1f0!2f0!3f0!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x880e293e7bd41241%3A0x5966b3036fc25171!2sSearle+Chemical+Laboratory%2C+5735+S+Ellis+Ave%2C+Chicago%2C+IL+60637!5e0!3m2!1sen!2sus!4v1544044603496" title="Google map of location" width="600" height="450" frameborder="0" style="border:0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
```

 
### Applications

> Applications for this event will be opened in **late December 2018**. Please [join our Meetup](https://www.meetup.com/rladies-chicago/) for updates, and stay tuned for more!

Reviewer: Since this will appear on the Forwards site, you need to clarify who "our" refers to.
```suggestion
Applications for this event will be opened in **late December 2018**. Please [join the R-Ladies Chicago Meetup](https://www.meetup.com/rladies-chicago/) for updates, and stay tuned for more!
```

### Workshop Description

> Curious about package development, but not sure where to start? This workshop is for you! Run by R-Ladies Chicago, the goal of this workshop is to empower you to start contributing back to the R ecosystem with package development. We'll be using materials developed by Hadley Wickham, Jenny Bryan, and Di Cook for the [FoRwards organization](https://forwards.github.io/about/).

Reviewer: Again, we are on the Forwards site, so perhaps
```suggestion
Curious about package development, but not sure where to start? This workshop is for you! Run by R-Ladies Chicago, the goal of this workshop is to empower you to start contributing back to the R ecosystem with package development. We'll be using materials developed by Hadley Wickham, Jenny Bryan, and Di Cook for the [Forwards teaching team](https://forwards.github.io/edu/).
```

By the end of this day-long workshop, you should know how to:

- make your code into an R package, 
- do collaborative coding with GitHub, 
- write a vignette or an article, 
- build a web page for your package, and
- submit a package to CRAN. 

Bring your own code that you want to make into a package, or work with our example. 

### Cost and Travel Support

> Thanks to funding from the <a href="https://www.r-consortium.org/" target="_blank">R Consortium</a>, this workshop is free for participants.  Lunch will be provided.  

Reviewer: At the moment this says nothing about travel support. Perhaps you should add a comment, e.g.
```suggestion
Thanks to funding from the <a href="https://www.r-consortium.org/" target="_blank">R Consortium</a>, this workshop is free for participants.  Lunch will be provided.  

We may be able to provided limited travel grants. Please check back here or follow Forwards or R-Ladies Chicago on Twitter for news.
```

### Lead Instructors

We are currently in the process of finalizing our instructors and helpers, but Angela Li of the [Center for Spatial Data Science](https://spatial.uchicago.edu) (and R-Ladies Chicago) is organizing this event. If you would like to teach or help out, please let her know!

### Code of Conduct

Workshop instructors and participants agree to adhere to the <a href="https://wiki.r-consortium.org/view/R_Consortium_and_the_R_Community_Code_of_Conduct" target="_blank">R Consortium and R Community Code of Conduct</a>.

### Questions

> Please email angela [at] rladies.org with any questions, and see <a href="http://forwards.github.io/edu/" target="_blank">here</a> for more information.

Reviewer: I'm not sure if you need to link to the Education page, but if you want to please use an informative label and explain why people might want to go there.

```suggestion
Please email angela [at] rladies.org with any questions, and see <a href="http://forwards.github.io/edu/" target="_blank">the main Education page</a> for more information about Forwards teaching initiatives.
```
